Update threat model to include rollback attack (#285)
notaryproject/notaryproject: threatmodels/notation-threatmodel.md

| Inaccessible OCSP Responder                                    | Denial of Service      | Not Mitigated | High     | OCSP Responder  | OCSP Responder is not able to service incoming requests or perform up to spec, thus users are unable to validate certificate revocation status | It cannot be mitigated, since revocation status should be retrieved from OCSP responder, which requires network access. Notation verification should fail if revocation check is configured as `enforced` and OCSP responder is inaccessible. Users can configure trust policy to log or skip revocation check if OCSP responder is not reliable. |
| Compromised Notation dependencies                              | Tampering              | Mitigated | High     | Notation       | The dependencies that built into Notation binary was compromised, this may lead to arbitrary code being executed | Notation keeps dependencies up-to-date and adds new dependency after careful consideration and only if it's absolutely required. Always use static build instead of dynamic linking |

> | Rollback Attack                              | Tampering              | Mitigated | High     | Notation       | Attacker can exploit a compromised repository to return old vulnerable artifact | Signature publisher can employ short signature expiration periods (and periodically re-sign artifacts) or revoke outdated vulnerable artifacts |

Reviewer: We have an actor of Signer. Maybe use Signer instead signature producer is better.
```suggestion
| Rollback Attack                              | Tampering              | Mitigated | High     | Notation       | Attacker can exploit a compromised repository to return outdated vulnerable artifacts | Signer can employ short signature expiration periods (and periodically re-sign artifacts) or revoke outdated vulnerable artifacts |
```
